Readme.markdown, before:

Huffman Coding
==============

This project is a reference implementation of Huffman coding in Java. The
code is intended to be used for study, and as a solid basis for modification
and extension. As such, it is optimized for clear logic and low complexity, not
speed/memory/performance.


Description
-----------

An overview of the code is given here: [http://nayuki.eigenstate.org/page/huffman-coding-java](http://nayuki.eigenstate.org/page/huffman-coding-java)


License
-------

(MIT License)

Copyright © 2011 Nayuki Minase

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy of
this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal in
the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights to
use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of
the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so,
subject to the following conditions:

* The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in
  all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

* THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
  IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
  FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
  AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
  LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
  OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE
  SOFTWARE.

Commit message:

Changed license warranty clause from uppercase to normal sentence case.

Readme.markdown, after:

Huffman Coding
==============

This project is a reference implementation of Huffman coding in Java. The
code is intended to be used for study, and as a solid basis for modification
and extension. As such, it is optimized for clear logic and low complexity, not
speed/memory/performance.


Description
-----------

An overview of the code is given here: [http://nayuki.eigenstate.org/page/huffman-coding-java](http://nayuki.eigenstate.org/page/huffman-coding-java)


License
-------

(MIT License)

Copyright © 2011 Nayuki Minase

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy of
this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal in
the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights to
use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of
the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so,
subject to the following conditions:

* The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in
  all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

* The Software is provided "as is", without warranty of any kind, express or
  implied, including but not limited to the warranties of merchantability,
  fitness for a particular purpose and noninfringement. In no event shall the
  authors or copyright holders be liable for any claim, damages or other
  liability, whether in an action of contract, tort or otherwise, arising from,
  out of or in connection with the Software or the use or other dealings in the
  Software.
